{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32360\viewh19900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0  \
\
If iPatientCare wants to stay a leader and continue to  gain market share and will have to innovate and find a ways to have our product work on different operating system. How many of you have ask me that question over a last 10 years ? Many ! and i have not been able to answer it. I was in convenes that we could do it. The engineers at clinical works said that Faizan, we can. 95 % of put code is on the server side its only the client experience that has to change. There are newer device there are coming out , that may some day change the peradine of how our customer use health IT. IF YOU WANT TO LEAD so we have one small thing to show you . it is small really really small, the App on some thing really small is not small at all. if you think we were come out and develop mipatientcare for iPad and we were only going to do it your nurses going to use it ? I think you are wrong.  you think we would only allows you to use certain subset of our functionality we thing you are wrong. our goal with this application is to make it so easy and you can self discover your way to the App that have full comprehensive functionality, there will be one way to do one think very quickly will be a paradine swift.\
\
So let me show it to you,	\
\
I login to the App\
\
their office visit schedule is available , their office visits are there. i will open up whiteshed , kara who is coming to see us with complaint of chest pain , His full progress note is there as well, All the link that you expect is there CCHPI, Medical history, Surgical history, hospitalisation, Family, Social including Review of system and vitals, Physical Examinations the ability to use your favourite order set, To copy and merge your template , you got your document, your telephone notes, your labs, the messages, and your refill requests. you could process them all.\
\
Lets do a simple patient visit using an iPad,\
\
 \
\
So lets get in to an office visit,\
\
I enter chic complain for the patient patient here with some complain of cough Runny Nose, Headache  , and Done it is pretty silk.\
 \
\
on an go and enter a medical history And Add one History.\
\
\
As a nurse want to enter the patient Vitals sign  and vitals sign did enter. and i still come back and still see the ann the information that I already had enter that was a nurses part.\
The physician still  go under my nurses part and all your category HPI to use is available you can search and Tap and see how easely it can done. You can still come back and your HPI is there, Go Under PE Exam and you can set it to normal ENT.\
\
I can merge in template and my assessment and my order set and my treatment plan will drop in.\
\
I hope you like simplicity which we will be still able to accomplish all the functionality.\
\
\
I can review the Document,\
I had just click on document and and enter in to full screen. and use my hand tester to pinch zoom in out\
\
pretty impressive\
\
you can use all your hand gestures and all apple UI is the part of this application you can reply and refills request also,\
\
That is engineering excellence from iPatientCare Inc.\
\
}